Fixup widths of examples (#11840)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

| `file-name` | string  | —                       | Name of image file.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `type`      | text    | `"static"`              | Type of file, either 'static' (an existing file) or 'dynamic' (a file generated by element or server code).                                                                                             |
| `directory` | text    | `"clientFilesQuestion"` | The directory that contains the file, either `"clientFilesQuestion"` or `clientFilesCourse` (see [client and server files](clientServerFiles.md)). A directory cannot be specified if `type="dynamic"`. |

> | `width`     | number  | —                       | Width of image (e.g., '250').                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: Nit (plus Prettier formatting):

```suggestion
| `width`     | number  | —                       | Width of the image in pixels, `250`.                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | `width`     | number  | —                       | Width of the image in pixels, `250`.                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `width`     | number  | —                       | Width of the image in pixels, e.g. `250`.                                                                                                                                                                    |
```
